I created an AI speech coach using
Gemini 3 and the best part is you can
use this tool for free to help you
improve your public speaking. Now many
people have been talking about Gemini 3
and some of the capabilities and the
fact you can vibe code various things
that you think would be helpful apps or
tools. And so I wanted to put it to the
test and it is mindblowing how quickly
you can create something that is pretty
incredible. Of course there's going to
be issues, there's going to be bugs, but
you can simply with normal language
mention what those issues are and this
Google Gemini 3 product, the AI tech
will improve on those various things. So
I was be able to create a base product
which is an AI speaking coach which
looks for things like body language,
vocal variety, pacing, energy and then
also keeps an ear out for filler words.
And so for Google Gemini to do this, it
had to realize that it needed to
transcribe the text and from there it
could point out and identify filler
words. I was able to create the base
product within the first 30 seconds and
then probably another hour or so was
spent in fine-tuning some of the tools.
But I've got what I think is a pretty
acceptable base product and I'm excited
for you to test it out. It's free. You
don't even have to sign into your Google
account. You can use it directly from
the URL. There's probably going to be
issues and bugs and as I update it, the
URL will change each time. so I can try
to keep it updated based on your
feedback. But I'd love to know what you
think. Have you tried the tool? Does it
work well? Did it give you some helpful
suggestions in terms of the score? Okay,
with that in mind, I'm going to jump
right in and show you how this tool
works. All right, so this is how WDE's
AI speech AI tool works. Again, built
through Gemini 3. As you can see, the
URL is the same URL that I provided in
the video notes. And it's going to ask
you for permission. It also will
probably mention that this tool was
created by somebody you don't know and
to be careful before using it, which of
course you want to be cautious as many
people will be creating, I'm sure, apps
and websites using this tech. And you
always want to ensure that it's from a
trusted source. So, it's going to ask
you for camera and microphone access.
And you can simply allow that. And then
it will load up the tool. It's going to
wait for camera access. And then you
have it and it'll say on standby, but
you have this little start speech button
underneath. And this is where you can
begin your speech. So I'll do a quick
test story to see how this goes. By the
way, I'm going off the top of my head,
so bear with me if it's not a great
speech.
So the other day I went to my favorite
coffee shop, Pulp Fiction. I was there
today as well and they had some really
great bakery choices, things like
muffins and cakes and cookies. And there
was a giant cinnamon bun in the display
case. And usually I simply get my
Americano with oat milk. That's my
coffee order. But today I was feeling a
little bit like a treat. And so I
ordered the Americano and I also asked
for the cinnamon bun.
The lady behind the counter took my
order and then she took my name and I
said, "My name is Wade." And she said,
"Whale?"
I thought, "Whale? What? Who is named
Whale? What a ridiculous name." And then
the guy behind me out of nowhere said,
"Haha, she called you Whale." And I
thought, "Who is this guy? Why is he
making this comment?" And then he added,
"And you ordered the big cinnamon bun.
Needless to say, it was an embarrassing
moment at my local coffee shop.
Okay, there we go. And it's going to
give me a score based on a variety of
categories. So, as you can see, it gave
me not so strong for vocal power,
speaking pace, it was probably a little
rushed. It's saying I had good tonal
range. My gesture control was good.
Vocal variety
38. Pause usage. I could have had more
pauses. and my body energy. It was
saying I could have improved in that
regard. Then it's going to transcribe my
whole speech and add in filler words as
well. This tool took me minutes to
create on Gemini 3, which shows how
powerful this tech is, but hopefully it
can help you get more comfortable with
recording your speeches and getting some
direct feedback from an AI tool. So, the
best way to access this tool is through
the link in the YouTube description.
Again, Google is going to ask you if you
trust the source it's coming from. It's
going to require access to the video and
sorry, your camera and your microphone.
So, you need to be like willing to do
that, but it's a free tool to use. No
signin, no cost. And I think that this
is truly a sign of where AI tech is
going. I am not an overly techy person,
but the fact I was able to create this
very quickly is pretty amazing. Love to
know, have you used the tool? What did
you think? What can it improve upon? And
maybe you've made something with Gemini
3 yourself. Let me know. And if this is
the first time landing on my channel or
one of my social media accounts, my
YouTube channel is all about helping you
become a stronger public speaker. And I
think that there's a lot of free videos
on my channel that can help you do just
that. If you want to gain confidence
from the stage or virtual speaking, I
have the content that can help you with
that. Thanks so much for watching this
video. There's another great video
popping up on the screen as well.
Thanks. And I'll catch you on the next